Thank you for trying OBRevenge!

There are a few unique features that I hope you enjoy.

First things first, simply select the "Install OBRevenge" icon to run the graphical installer. The installer was adapted from the PacBang Installer created by Carl Duff. 

The default shell in OBRevenge is zsh, because, well, I like it. Bash is installed should you want to change the default.

Synapse is installed and started upon login. It is a very quick launcher, and it is extremely useful when using the tint2 panel to launch applications. The default keybinding for synapse is ctrl + space.

There is a home grown application included called Panel Switcher. This is a gui script that I created using dialog. It will allow you to choose between 3 panels for your system. These panels are tint2 (default), lxpanel, and xfce4-panel. The changes will take effect immediately and persist on logout. All three panels are already configured and themed. Enjoy.

There is another home grown application included called OBRevenge Autostart. It is another gui script that will allow you to select applications to startup on logon, or remove applications from the autostart list. 

I added a custom Control Panel for this release. It is titled "Control Panel", and it will give you one place to look for most of your configuration options. This is one thing that is usually missing in lightweight desktops, and I hope it helps out.

Pamac, the package manager and update manager from Manjaro, is installed to provide a gui method of installing packages or updating. This spin is designed to be lightweight, and to allow the user to install their own perferred applications. My goal was to provide a stable and user-friendly base for users to build their desired system on top of.

There are no virtualbox modules included. If you want to run in virtualbox you will want to install the virtualbox modules packages.

Below I have listed some aliaes that are included that you can use in the command line.

alias pac="sudo pacman -S"
alias pacs="sudo pacman -Ss"
alias pacu="sudo pacman -Syy"
alias update="sudo pacman -Syu"

Thank you, and Enjoy!
